feat: add generic selection support for ItemsRepeater (#451)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/controls/ChipAndChipGroup.md

               SelectionMode="Multiple"
               Style="{StaticResource SuggestionChipGroupStyle}" />
```

## Chip with ItemsRepeater

> `Chip` can also be used within the data-template of `ItemsRepeater`, as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Chip` can also be used within the DataTemplate of `ItemsRepeater`, as shown below:
```

```xml
xmlns:utu="using:Uno.Toolkit.UI"
xmlns:muxc="using:Microsoft.UI.Xaml.Controls"

<muxc:ItemsRepeater ItemsSource="{Binding Items}"
                    utu:ChipExtensions.ChipSelectionMode="Single">
    <muxc:ItemsRepeater.ItemTemplate>
        <DataTemplate>
            <utu:Chip Content="{Binding Name}" />
        </DataTemplate>
    </muxc:ItemsRepeater.ItemTemplate>
</muxc:ItemsRepeater>
```

### Remarks
- For `ChipExtensions.ChipSelectionMode`, refer to the `ChipGroup.SelectionMode` property, as they function exactly in the same way. Except for the default value which is `SingleOrNone`.

> - The `Chip` must be the root-level element of the data-template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Chip` must be the root-level element of the DataTemplate.
```
